find the game the move was actually it
was really real the fact that you can
simulate your golf swing and you can
kind of feel your hands through the ball
and you get to pick your clubs judge by
the wind it actually makes you think
like you would out in the golf course
you know if it is raining outside you
can kind of go in you can get a little
practice in and it helps Oh without a
doubt you can use as the tool I know
that i played this st. Andrews was the
first time I actually even went over
there to see it and I played the game
and I got to see the course so a night
went over there it was a little bit
easier because i already saw the course
i would definitely say that it was
authentic to a golf swing I mean you're
holding it and you're swinging at the
pace that you want to go and you can
control how far it goes I think that
that is the probably the neatest part
about it is you're so much more in
control of it it's so realistic and the
fact that I do play golf and I can see
the golf courses I think would entice me
to try new things I think that you can
learn a lot from this I think you can
take what you learn the video game and
take it to the golf course it teaches
you your posture choosing clubs knowing
that you have to actually play for the
winds and looking at brakes on greens so
your first time out there you wouldn't
be you know out of water it would
actually understand what
you're doing well my actual natural
tendency is that you draw the ball hit
right to left so playing the game I
definitely was pulling it more than what
I wanted and it does it helps you feel
where your hands are and I think that
you can take that to your normal golf
swing out on the course definitely
playing with the move controller will
help you experience real golf now you're
still picking your shots you know you
have to feel an eighty percent shot you
have to feel hitting a driver down the
middle of the fairway I really feel that
the experience of the video game is very
similar to real life oh my gosh I did
the same thing as her
you